GA TTLAfterFinished (#30031)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/workloads/controllers/ttlafterfinished.md

---
reviewers:
- janetkuo
title: Automatic Clean-up for Finished Jobs 
content_type: concept
weight: 70
---

<!-- overview -->

{{< feature-state for_k8s_version="v1.23" state="stable" >}}

TTL-after-finished {{<glossary_tooltip text="controller" term_id="controller">}} provides a 
TTL (time to live) mechanism to limit the lifetime of resource objects that 
have finished execution. TTL controller only handles 
{{< glossary_tooltip text="Jobs" term_id="job" >}}.

<!-- body -->

## TTL-after-finished Controller

> The TTL-after-finished controller is only supported for Jobs. A cluster operator can use this feature to clean

Reviewer: It we change this, we should also change other references of "resources" to "Jobs".

Author: Great comment @janetkuo. I have updated the references of `resources` to `jobs`.

<!-- overview -->

{{< feature-state for_k8s_version="v1.23" state="stable" >}}

> The TTL controller provides a TTL (time to live) mechanism to limit the lifetime of resource

Reviewer 2: For GA, I would _prefer_ to rename this to “The TTL-after-finished controller”

for example:
```suggestion
The TTL-after-finished {{<glossary_tooltip text="controller" term_id="controller">}} provides
a TTL (time to live) mechanism to limit the lifetime of Kubernetes workload
```

### Time Skew

Because TTL-after-finished controller uses timestamps stored in the Kubernetes resources to
determine whether the TTL has expired or not, this feature is sensitive to time
skew in the cluster, which may cause TTL controller to clean up resource objects
at the wrong time.

In Kubernetes, it's required to run a time sync solution on all nodes

> (see [#6159](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/issues/6159#issuecomment-93844058))

Reviewer 2: nit: I'd omit this line.

Author: removed @sftim.
